HCP docs update for IBM Power (#92359)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-ibm-power-heterogeneous-nodepools-agent-hc-dns.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hosted_control_planes/hcp-deploy/hcp-deploy-ibm-power.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
```

[id="hcp-ibm-power-heterogeneous-nodepools-agent-hc-dns_{context}"]
= DNS configuration for hosted control planes

> Domain Name Service (DNS) configuration for hosted control planes is done basically for external clients to reach ingress controllers so that it can route traffic to internal components. Configuring this setting ensures that traffic is routed to either worker node e.g. `ppc64le` or `x86_64` node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Domain Name Service (DNS) configuration for hosted control planes enables external clients to reach ingress controllers so that they can route traffic to internal components. Configuring this setting ensures that traffic is routed to either `ppc64le` or `x86_64` compute node.
```

> You can point an `*.apps.<cluster_name>` record to either one of the worker nodes where ingress application is hosted. Or, if you are able to set up a load balancer on top of the worker nodes, point this record to this load balancer. When you are creating a heterogeneous node pool, make sure the workers are reachable from each other or keep them in the same network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can point an `*.apps.<cluster_name>` record to either of the compute nodes where the ingress application is hosted. Or, if you are able to set up a load balancer on top of the compute nodes, point this record to this load balancer. When you are creating a heterogeneous node pool, make sure the compute nodes can reach each other or keep them in the same network.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hosted_control_planes/hcp-deploy/hcp-deploy-ibm-power.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="hcp-ibm-power-heterogeneous-nodepools-agent-hc-dns_{context}"]

> = Configuring DNS

Reviewer 2: It is not clear to me what this procedure does. 
Again, must I do this, if so in what cases?

Author: @mburke5678 we have now defined the above section. Request you to take a look. Thanks.

> You can point `*.apps.<cluster_name>` record to either one of the worker nodes where ingress application is hosted, or if you are able to set up a load balancer on top of the worker nodes, point this record to this load balancer. When you are creating a heterogeneous nodepool, make sure the workers are reachable from each other or keep them in the same network.

Reviewer 2: What is *.apps.<cluster_name>? When would I do this? Is it required?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can point an `*.apps.<cluster_name>` record to either one of the worker nodes where ingress application is hosted. Or, if you are able to set up a load balancer on top of the worker nodes, point this record to this load balancer. When you are creating a heterogeneous nodepool, make sure the workers are reachable from each other or keep them in the same network.
```

Author: > What is *.apps.<cluster_name>? When would I do this? Is it required?

It is a wildcard DNS A/AAAA or CNAME record that targets the node. This record must be resolvable by clients external to the cluster. Reference: https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.18/html/nodes/worker-nodes-for-single-node-openshift-clusters

.Procedure

> . Create a hosted cluster for heterogeneous nodepool

Reviewer 2: Is it _nodepool_ or _node pool_?

Reviewer 2: If I need to create the node pool before I perform these steps, should this module come after _Creating heterogeneous node pools_?

Reviewer 3: Here, at this line its `node pool` which refers to `Nodepool custom resource.` @alishaIBM We need to edit here.

Author: Ack. Applied the change.

+
Use a multi-architecture release image when creating the cluster to enable support for heterogeneous node pools. Find the latest multi architecture images from link:https://multi.ocp.releases.ci.openshift.org/[here].

. Export the cluster namepsace.
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ export CLUSTERS_NAMESPACE=<hosted_cluster_namespace>
----

> . Export the machine cidr.

Reviewer 2: I see this structure in a few places in the docs.

```suggestion
. Export the machine classless inter-domain routing (CIDR) notation.
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ export MACHINE_CIDR=192.168.122.0/24
----

> # Typically the namespace is created by the hypershift-operator 
> # but agent cluster creation generates a capi-provider role that
> # needs the namespace to already exist

Reviewer 2: Did you want to comment-out these lines?

```suggestion
// Typically the namespace is created by the hypershift-operator 
// but agent cluster creation generates a capi-provider role that
// needs the namespace to already exist
```

> . Run the below command to create the hosted control namespace:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Run the following command to create the hosted control namespace:
```
